okay he's dead that's why mom left us
imagine if we didn't get rid of that
ring holy shit maybe amazing
okay can we roll this come on
[Music]
that's okay it's fine it's all good I'm
sorry
remember we have the other one that we
don't care about and we're gonna get
this one back for just winning it's all
good it's all fucking good if we lose
this though that will stop I promise if
we just lose those two we'll stop right
so lost one we could get it back right
here though
very possibly let's just remove all
anything under four wasn't worth it I'm
gonna lose it now unless I got a really
high roll here nope all right wasn't
worth but we lost the things that I
didn't want so it doesn't matter it's
all good
we're eight of six of what we needed
it's finer than me I feel satisfied with
what happened there I am leaving the
good time at the tavern no more let's
peruse the source let's just see what
they're I have zero money why bother
[Music]
let's let's go find the way that we're
supposed to be funny
Malak clips leads the way through the
dim lonely streets - iris ass we can
hear screaming coming from within a
woman in robes adorned with silver
ornaments greasy at the door I've said
you would come begging for him I got a
shoe on today hell eclipse boughs of the
grin oh I have a illness I'm hoping to
pitch the cure
IRA of the veil frown service before
nodding and lending you into her house
you enter the sitting-room and the
sources of the wailing has made clear a
man is locked in a cage crying and
fevered agony sores of corruption fester
in his body with that warning she opens
the cage and the man rushes at you Oh a
surprising strength IRA subdues the mad
writhing creature this is the mage Cohen
he thought he could fight off the
corruption but he could not IRA watches
Malick lips carefully as cohan as go
hens cries get more and more guttural
what should I do with him the barn looks
away disgust and fear on his face he
fears close to passing out make you fly
the rat by the way has mouth call me
endless and Lenny bird in by the way she
nods before turning to you what do you
do
probably keep locked up she throws the
creature beggars at the Cajon
long-standing gate anyway Mel clips
makes a feeble joke about going to get
some candied buns for the show but a
withering glance from i recomment said
the same the imprisoned mage begins to
deteriorate quickly the sores of
corruption spread across his body and
blood begins the poured from his mouth
as he throws himself at the cage the
umpteenth time you know no shred of
humanity remains IRA flings and it
changed shard of ice from our hands into
the crop to Mitch's throat kill him
instantly you're too weak she glanced at
mallik lips who has started staring
wide-eyed of the dead mage birth well
see normally I would have killed him
right but I father's this lady women
like needed to test there was some shit
you test out fucking up damn it
with that dealt with IRA begins
tinkering at the table Street with dead
and shining things I do have a cure but
as you know nothing comes free with our
kind she taps silver dance from a bottle
save the stolen made children for me and
I will give you the key oh nice
does it matter anyway it's all good
listen by a bastards have taken them to
some wild thoughts on the docks of the
city and you better hurry
iris miles and Mel eclipses the illness
can't be hard at bear for much longer
I'd wager bard avoids our games well how
do you two know each other
he was my lava when I was young and
stupid
mara says matter-of-factly nonsense
Malcolm's shouts why I'm alluring all to
all ages you'd be glad to have me sooner
I reckon I reduce mount Malik lives a
severe look as he box cowering is he
seizing your leave
all right well by our veil finds you
again as you begin your ascent now the
bar turns around you catch a glimpse of
hope in his eyes she avoids his gaze
take the children to the madman near the
frost would they run an orphanage I fear
there's no longer safe yet
well I got enough for this shit so um
let's do it
the winds clear the dark clouds to
reveal the spire of a ritual house
protruding from the summit you press on
through thick snow to find the wooden
structure daunt of spoils of war as he
went to the Great Hall the towering
Archer doors swing open with a heavy
creak the giant s in velvet robes enters
accompanied by radars man Eclipse boughs
low to the ground my companion and I
have been sent forth to discuss a truce
between the Empire and the northerners
m'lady so they send me a silver-tongued
devil and his mercenary she smirks I
hope for your sake you have a decent
offering you kneel before the High
Priestess your offerings will survive
says the giantess but if you seek to
make a deal on behalf of the empire you
must prove your Sheriff against my
champion bitch those are three people
the fuck greatest our soldier whatever
I got blessings and shit my champion my
ass
oh he's rude bears
champion of the High Priestess Berserker
weapons are imbued vice that slow their
enemy's movements and attacks okay
[Music]
you've done well now here my turn the
High Priestess draws herself up a
towering figure draped in fur and raft
the north have never been to the Empire
blood for blood for blood those are my
times smaller but your leaders hear it
and quake with that you make a quick
descent to play the message back to
general brands from Ray
humble hammer berserkers Creed and
extinguisher the winter solstice burning
buildings temple prayers in the
cryptographer for assenting ascending
mount freitas your supplies okay we got
some more food we got a warrior's X
without metal on it and a soldier sort
for gaining favor with behind priestess
we got the dark grove ring and a shrine
of some kind for convincing IRA to help
Mom a low blow Eclipse we got the stone
once
pick your brain a plant post some
fantasy pressure did again damn well you
understand the basic rules of the game
now I do from here they will change so
in case you're wondering why the game
looks like kind of easy and all that
stuff right now this is still a begin to
the game there's a lot more to go this
is like literally the beginning of the
game stop there's like 22 things they
have a bunch of crazy shit like this
threat right now it's still like the
tutorial level you know so if you think
it's easy give it a shot give it a
chance just give it a chance also there
are the the endless mode to which
literally just goes and goes and goes
it's a afem now that's sponsored by the
way it is in fact not sponsored nope
this is not sponsored I swear I always
just give the game for free zzzz
ah but it was fun
however I'm hungry I want me some food
food sounds great I love even when
streaming I know right now it would say
two hours but I started streaming
earlier than that because my internet
had an issue one four hours 100 what
exactly
450 yeah 4 hours
I'd say four hours of this ain't bad
shit well thanks for joining
[Music]
so how I'm gonna do that's it anyway I'm
going to go do that now and yeah I guess
officially Oh g'day guys goodbye